README.md, before:

# deeplearning-quickstart
A quick-start into deep learning, classifying top-wear/bottom-wear from the Myntra catalog.

# Summary

1. Download 2000 images from the Myntra catalog.
2. Using only the ones that are either topwear/bottomwear, we train a network.
3. The network is a Convolutional Neural Network built using Keras.
4. We test the model on five random images from the catalog.

# Run

1. `brew cask install miniconda`
2. `conda env create -f environment.yml`
3. `source activate myntra`
4. `jupyter notebook Start.ipynb`

# Links

1. [Image kernels explained visually](http://setosa.io/ev/image-kernels/)
2. [Visualizing parts of Convolutional Neural Networks using Keras and Cats](https://hackernoon.com/visualizing-parts-of-convolutional-neural-networks-using-keras-and-cats-5cc01b214e5)
3. [Understanding Convolution in Deep Learning](http://timdettmers.com/2015/03/26/convolution-deep-learning/)

# Courses

1. [Udacity Self-driving Car Engineering Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/drive)
2. [Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars](http://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu)
3. [Andrew NG - Machine Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning)
4. [Practical Deep Learning For Coders](http://course.fast.ai)

# Author

Param Aggarwal (paramaggarwal@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Link to the Jupiter notebook and slides from the README

README.md, after:

# deeplearning-quickstart
A quick-start into deep learning, classifying top-wear/bottom-wear from the Myntra catalog.

You can explore [this file](Start.ipynb) to see it in action. The [slides from the talk](Slides from Talk.pdf) are also available.

# Summary

1. Download 2000 images from the Myntra catalog.
2. Using only the ones that are either topwear/bottomwear, we train a network.
3. The network is a Convolutional Neural Network built using Keras.
4. We test the model on five random images from the catalog.

# Run

1. `brew cask install miniconda`
2. `conda env create -f environment.yml`
3. `source activate myntra`
4. `jupyter notebook Start.ipynb`

# Links

1. [Image kernels explained visually](http://setosa.io/ev/image-kernels/)
2. [Visualizing parts of Convolutional Neural Networks using Keras and Cats](https://hackernoon.com/visualizing-parts-of-convolutional-neural-networks-using-keras-and-cats-5cc01b214e5)
3. [Understanding Convolution in Deep Learning](http://timdettmers.com/2015/03/26/convolution-deep-learning/)

# Courses

1. [Udacity Self-driving Car Engineering Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/drive)
2. [Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars](http://selfdrivingcars.mit.edu)
3. [Andrew NG - Machine Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning)
4. [Practical Deep Learning For Coders](http://course.fast.ai)


# Author

Param Aggarwal (paramaggarwal@gmail.com)
